NARRATOR
Traveling through the forest
en route to
Coumarine City
site of Ash's next
Kalos Gym battle
our Heroes have met a Pokémon
Trainer named Blake.
Right. So your house is really
close to this forest, huh?
Yeah, I've been out
on a journey for about a year
doing some training, and when I
smelled all your delicious food
I figured it was coming
from my house.
It'll be good to get back home.
[both chuckles]
I made a lot, so dig in.
Have as much as you like.
Man that looks delicious.
By the way, I wanted to ask you
about your Pokémon.
[DELIGHTED]
BLAKE
'It's a Meowstic.'
[DELIGHTED]/[DELIGHTED]
I can't believe how pretty
Meowstic's coat is.
It's beautiful.
POKEDEX
Meowstic.The Constraint Pokémon.
'When faced with trouble,
Meowstic will raise its ears'
and create enough psychic power
to demolish a ten‐ton truck.
Its appearance varies,
depending on gender.
Wow! So male and female Meowstic
look different.
I totally want to catch one
someday.
‐ How do you like it?
‐ Huh.
Mm, it's really delicious.
Do you think I could
have some more?
Sure thing, you can have
as much as you want.
Huh?
Bonnie. You need to eat
those veggies, please.
But I don't like
these veggies at all.
But veggies are
exceptionally nutritious.
You won't grow up to
become a first‐rate Trainer
if you don't eat them now.
Yeah, but you know
there are veggies
you don't eat
'cause you don't like them.
Oh. Well, that's different.
Wait a minute.
You really don't like veggies?
Of course Clemont loves veggies,
right?
Uh, that's irrelevant.
You finish everything
on your plate, Bonnie.
Hmph!
He's only trying to take
good care of you.
Yeah, but the closer they are,
the more they fight.
'Isn't that the old saying?'
I guess so.
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch them all ♪
♪ It's you and me ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ I know it's my destiny ♪
♪ Yeah you're my best friend ♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"Splitting Heirs!"
[DELIGHTED]
[DELIGHTED]/[ALARMED]
[grunting]
[EXERTION]/[SURPRISED]
[SURPRISED]
[ENAMORED]
[WARY]/[URGENT]
Huh!
Meowstic was a gift
from my father.
[INTENT]/[CURIOUS]/[CONFUSED]
BONNIE
Hey, Chespin!
[SURPRISED]
You know you shouldn't be
running off like that!
[HOPEFUL]/[DETERMINED]
Huh! Hey, stop!
[DETERMINED]
[chuckles]
I got you!
Now let's go back.
Huh? Uh‐oh.
Chespin, do you know
which way we came from?
[UNSURE]
Of course, it's not true.
Of course it is true.
Right, Bonnie? Bonnie?
‐ Where'd Bonnie go?
‐ Huh!
ASH
'Chespin's gone, too.'
[CONCERNED]
CLEMONT
'It's the veggies.'
She must have run off
because she didn't want
to eat them.
That's bad,
getting lost in this forest
could be a really
dangerous thing.
There are ponds
and cliffs everywhere
and wild Beedrill nests, too.
Clemont? Ash, where are you?
Hey, Serena?
What do we do?
Maybe this way?
Huh!
[gasps]
[groaning]
[SUSPICIOUS]/[PIN MISSILE MOVE]
‐ Huh!
‐ Meowstic! Protect!
[PROTECT MOVE]
[SATISFIED]
[INTIMIDATED]
Ah.
[ENAMORED]
[ANGRY]
‐ Oh, no, we're cornered!
‐ Huh!
HEATH
'Use Energy Ball!'
[ENERGY BALL MOVE]
Huh?
Bonnie!
[SCARED]
‐ There you are!
‐ You alright?
Uh, yeah, I guess I'm okay.
CLEMONT
'What about Chespin?'
[PLEASANT]
Just like my brother,
having trouble fighting Pokémon.
Whoa! The two of you
are brothers?
Saving these two
was my first priority.
I was going to chase
the Beedrill away after that.
So you're saying my help
didn't mean anything?
I'm terribly sorry
for getting in your way.
That's not what I meant.
It's just that..
I get the feeling those two
don't get along so well.
Even though they're brothers?
How many times do I
have to tell you?
Don't go off alone!
But, the thing is..
Wait a minute.
Maybe there's an explanation
for this.
It doesn't matter!
If something had
happened to her..
Let's drop it.
Bonnie and Chespin are okay
and that's the thing
that really matters.
[AGREEABLE]
Uh..
Thank you for saving my sister.
Of course, first things first
'I think we should
treat her injuries.'
[Clemont sighs]
Our house is close by,
and we can treat you there.
Thanks very much.
‐ How are you feeling, Bonnie?
‐ Hmph!
‐ Huh.
‐ But, Bonnie..
‐ This is your house?
‐ Right.
Are you sure
we're not intruding?
HEATH
Not at all.
[ENAMORED]
HEATH
'We're back!'
It's my Blake. And my Heath.
What a relief! Thank goodness,
you're both alright.
‐ We're fine, mom.
‐ Good to be home.
Since you've been on the road
you've hardly ever
called your mother.
‐ I've been so worried.
‐ I'm sorry, mom.
But, as you can see,
we're doing great.
Huh? Mm.
And look here.
I see that you've brought
several guests with you.
HEATH
Right, she's injured
so I invited them all back
so we can treat her.
Oh, that's terrible.
Hold on and I'll get
the first aid kit.
‐ There. All set.
‐ Thank you!
[GRATEFUL]
‐ Bonnie, does it hurt?
‐ Nope!
Thank you for taking
such good care of my sister.
My sons used to play
all day long.
They were always outdoors
having lots of adventures.
And getting scratched up.
‐ Mom? Come on.
‐ Heh‐heh‐heh.
BLAKE
'That was a long time ago.'
Hi, there, I'm so glad
you've finally decided
to come back home.
'You seem to have
matured a bit.'
‐ Hi, there, dad!
‐ 'Course we've grown. Yup.
We've been training
on our journey for a year now.
I'm not the same as I was.
Don't you think so, Meowstic?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
I worked as hard as I possibly
could this whole year, too.
[PROUD]
Alright, I think the moment
has come for you to take part
in what has been a family
tradition for generations.
‐ A trial.
‐ Huh!
What's that mean?
[CONFUSED]
There comes a time
when our family must decide
who will inherit our house
and property.
In order to do that,
we conduct a sort of trial.
‐ So, then that means..
‐ That's my brother and me.
Correct, I'm sure you learned
a lot during your travels
so let's see how strong
you've both become.
Alright!
I've been waiting for this!
No matter what the test,
I'll win it!
[CONFIDENT]
I have no intention of losing.
[EMPHATIC]
Now, the heir will be
chosen by a method
that's been passed down
from generation to generation.
That sounds like a long time.
[CONFUSED]
I wonder what kind of method
he's talking about.
The method? Hm.
We will have a treasure hunt.
Have a treasure hunt?
[CONFUSED]
Now, I have hidden the treasure
somewhere on the property.
He who will be my successor
must find it.
Yes, it doesn't matter
what the treasure is
'cause I'm gonna find it first.
Hmm.
I realize the search area
is rather big.
Therefore, you will both
be permitted an assistant.
Assistant? I'd like Ash.
‐ Will you help me out, please?
‐ Huh? Really?
I'm happy to help
any way I can.
In that case,
then I want to help Heath!
‐ Huh?
After all, Heath saved me.
It's the least I can do.
Will you help us too, Serena?
‐ You want me?
‐ Yeah.
And my big brother can
help Blake with Ash. Hmph.
‐ Hm.
‐ Okay.
‐ We'll split into two teams.
‐ Sounds good.
‐ Let's win, okay, Heath?
‐ Right.
[blows raspberry]
[Heath laughs]
And when you've finally
located the treasure
then, you will bring it
back to me.
'If it truly is the treasure'
'the test will end
right then and there.'
Let's go!
I'm not about to lose.
[DETERMINED]
Come on!
[HESITANT]
[EXCITED]
CLEMONT
'Chespin!'
[CONFUSED]
No, this way!
[UNSURE]/[DECIDED]
'So, any idea
where the treasure is, Blake?'
Not really,
I think we should check
everything
that looks suspicious.
Okay.
[CONCERNED]
Hey, Blake, you don't
get along with your brother
all that well, do you?
See, I just don't want to
lose to him, that's all.
Even though we used
to be really close.
Our whole family
used to go picnicking together
on a nearby hill
when I was just a little kid.
One day, my dad gave us
two Espurr.
And it wasn't long before
they evolved into Meowstic.
Which was also when my brother
and I started to butt heads.
[ENERGY BALL MOVE]
[PROTECT MOVE]
Psychic, go!
[ALARMED]/[PAINED]
Energy Ball, once more!
[CONFIDENT]/[ENERGY BALL MOVE]
No, you're doing it wrong!
If you want to make the most
out of Meowstic's powers
the first thing
you need to do is..
Knock it off!
I'll battle any way
that I want to!
So get off of my back
and keep off!
I'm old enough
to take care of myself.
And I've got to prove that
to the rest of my family.
Having a brother or sister's
not all that easy, is it?
Hey, Clemont?
[CONCERNED]
You're right.
I nag Bonnie sometimes.
Thing is,
I never really mean to.
You don't do that.
‐ Don't be silly.
‐ 'But, Ash..'
You got angry with Bonnie
because you were worried
about her, right?
I'm sure Bonnie knows
that's the real reason.
You really think so?
No doubt about it.
She knows you're only
trying to take care of her.
[EMPHATIC]/[EMPHATIC]
Hm. I guess so. Thanks.
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Meowstic!
[FRIENDLY]
Wow!
This is such a pretty room!
Alright, I'll go
and search the room next door.
Leave this room to us.
[EXCITED]
Hmm.
Huh! Look! Is that it?
Huh? Uh, I didn't hear
what you said.
[CONCERNED]
Hey, Heath,
is something the matter?
‐ Um, it's nothing.
‐ You were frowning.
Your forehead got
all scrunchy right here.
Uh..
I've seen that before.
Clemont does it
when he's thinking.
His forehead gets
all smushed and wrinkly.
‐ Huh.
‐ Ha‐ha‐ha!
You really care about your
brother a lot, don't you?
Oh, no, I don't!
He always nags me and gets mad.
Know what? I wish
you were my brother instead.
You know,
I'm the same way, too.
Huh?
Blake doesn't like me
very much either.
‐ Do you guys fight?
‐ Yeah, we do.
I worry about him,
so I'm always giving him advice
which he doesn't like.
Listen, I'm going to become
a better and stronger
Pokémon Trainer
than you'll ever be.
It's not like I purposely want
to pick a fight or anything.
Okay, does that mean you're
saying you're not mad at Blake?
HEATH
'Of course I'm not mad.'
'He's my precious
little brother.'
So what about the treasure hunt?
I don't want to fight
with my brother.
But Blake won't like it
if I end up losing on purpose.
I'm going to take him on
fair and square.
Okay, I see.
FATHER
None of these are the treasure.
ASH
'Huh! I don't get it!'
We already searched
the entire house.
[EMPHATIC]/[FRUSTRATED]
So, let's see. I guess
I'll have to give you a hint.
The treasure is currently
not inside the house.
‐ Huh?
Then that means it's got
to be somewhere outside.
Oh. That's why
we couldn't find it.
FATHER
Think about this and remember.
The treasure has something to do
with the both of you.
‐ Oh!
BLAKE
Hmm..
Uh, hey, Blake? Does that hint
remind you of anything?
The both of us. Let me see.
I'll never forget
what we saw today.
HEATH Me neither,
I'll always remember
even when I'm
all grown up.
Of course. It must be.
[all panting]
ASH
Where are we going?
The secret place
my brother and I found
when we were little kids.
Some really rare flowers
bloom there.
[both chuckles]
‐ Huh! What's that?
‐ Huh! It's a Venipede!
[HOSTILE]/[INTIMIDATED]
Oh..
How beautiful!
Thank you so much!
[both laughs]
We made mom and dad
really happy that day.
It's got to be those flowers.
‐ It's Heath!
‐ Hey, there, Blake!
You remembered, too.
Yeah. This is where
I thought they would be.
You mean the flowers.
HEATH
'They're in bloom'
'I'm surprised you remembered.'
BLAKE
'You, too.'
Huh! Hmm..
ASH
Those flowers are the treasure?
Knowing dad, yes.
[AGGRESSIVE]
Hey! What's that?
An Exploud!
[HYPER VOICE MOVE]
It's using Hyper Voice!
[AGGRESSIVE]
[PROTECTIVE]
Alright, Chespin, Pin Missile!
[DETERMINED]
[PIN MISSILE MOVE]
[EXERTION]
Pikachu, let's chase it away!
[DETERMINED]
‐ Hold on!
‐ We'll do it!
Huh?
[SURPRISED]
[CONFIDENT]
‐ Ready, Heath?
‐ Yeah, all set.
BLAKE
'Meowstic, use Scratch!'
[AFFIRMATIVE]
BLAKE
'Meowstic, use Scratch, too!'
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[SCRATCH MOVE]
[PAINED]
[ATTACKING]
Scratch, once more!
[AFFIRMATIVE]/[SCRATCH MOVE]
[HAMMER ARM MOVE]
[PAINED]
[ATTACKING]
Protect!
[PROTECT MOVE]
[FRUSTRATED]
Blake, don't be so hasty!
Right. I'll be careful.
Then you've got the attack.
[DETERMINED]
‐ Meowstic, use Psychic!
‐ Use Energy Ball!
[PSYCHIC MOVE]
[ALARMED]
[ENERGY BALL MOVE]
[PAINED]
Awesome!
[IMPRESSED]
Yay, yay!
Wow, just like brothers!
Great coordination!
‐ Know what I'm thinking?
‐ Brings back memories.
[all panting]
[all gasps]
[AGGRESSIVE]
Bonnie! Hm!
‐ No, Clemont!
‐ No, Bonnie!
‐ Huh!
FATHER
'Enough!'
But how?
[CONFUSED]
Very well done.
Thanks a lot, Exploud.
Now return.
What's going on?
I don't understand
what just happened.
Does it mean that Exploud
is your Pokémon, dad?
That's right.
I instructed Exploud
to wait for you two here.
Why would you do
something like that?
Because I truly wanted
both my sons to remember
back to the time
you battled as a team.
'Shoulder to shoulder.'
‐ Hm?
Hmph.
[laughter]
'So you chased away
the Venipede'
'together, did you?'
The bond you two share
is our family treasure.
I hope you'll always remember
and cherish that.
I won't forget it, dad.
I'll always remember it too
even after I'm all grown up.
That timing of the Energy Ball
you used was perfect.
Well, I couldn't have done it
without your help.
The true treasure is
to be found within your hearts.
I want you both
to remember this.
Oh, dad.
I know I made you worry. Sorry.
Sorry? There's no need for
regret, now that you're home.
It's so great
that those two made up.
[PLEASED]
So, what about the two of you?
‐ Huh? Uh. Hm.
‐ Uh.
I know I'm not
the most dependable brother
but there will never be a moment
when I stop caring about you.
Believe it or not, that's why
I nag you from time to time.
Hm‐mm.
Clemont, I'm sorry, too.
I should have told you
before I left.
I'll even eat
every one of my veggies.
So, will you always be
my big brother?
I'll be your brother forever.
You're my little sister
and I love you.
Mm..
[both laughs]
All's well that ends well,
you know?
Yeah.
Dad, you're the best.
[HAPPY]
[HOPEFUL]
[ENAMORED]
[CONFUSED]
[AFFECTIONATE]
‐ Huh!
SERENA
'Those Meowstic are..'
You see, they haven't
seen each other
since Blake and I
went our separate ways.
They've always been very close.
Meowstic, from now on you two
will always be together.
[DELIGHTED]
[DEVASTATED]
Come on, Chespin, cheer up!
I'll bake you some Poké Puffs.
You'll find true love
someday soon.
[all laughs]
[DISTRAUGHT]
Thanks! Take care of yourselves
on your journey.
Be sure to come back
again some time.
You bet!
And thanks to both of you.
Take care of each other.
Bye‐bye, then.
I'm glad you're a team again.
NARRATOR
The closer they are,
the more they fight.
Two pairs of siblings
were able to make amends
and reaffirm the bonds
between them.
And so, with Clemont
and Bonnie's bickering
sure to bring
them even closer
it's on to Coumarine City
as our Heroes'
journey continues!
[theme music]